# hello-world
The time honored tradition of the hello-world

Well im not sure why anyone would be reading my hello world file, but here you are. :) 
My name is Ben and I am new enough to writing code.  I know just enough at this point that I could teach a complete beginer 
how to get started. To me that is pretty exciting. I have really enjoyed my journey this far. For some reason I find the magic of computer science sort of thrilling.  Other things about me... I am an avid explorer and traveller.  I most recently went to all of the northern national parks, ran in a herd of Buffalo, saw wild horses and bears, and tried to find someone in Fargo with the accent from the movie( I was sorly disapointed) After that I stayed in Portland for a few months. I went to the top of Mt.Hood, ate a pigs eye on a dare, got into the skate scene and imporved my skills, went to a huge party in a 727 airplane that a man lives in in the woods, went to the worlds largest book store, and had a general good time. Then I hitchhiked down the california coast. On my way I saw the Redwoods, met some crazy people, slept in the golden gate park, walked across the golden gate bridge, got picked up by a brazillian girl who I ended up climing the face of the Hollywood sign with (almost got arrested), and finally ended up in Sandiego where I lived on the beach with some friends for a few weeks. After hitch hiking and bussing my way back to Indiana , I decorated my truck like a pirate ship for a family of 8 kids who were dressed like pirates and went trick or treating with them in a snow storm. I was also dressed up... and  I also trick or treated.  I am 26.  XD That was a few days ago. 11/5/2019
